cole gruenke new baden, illinois 62265 16183109909 - cjgruenke@gmail.com education expected in 05/2027 bachelor of science: computer science southern illinois university, edwardsville - edwardsville, il i am currently studying computer science at southern illinois university edwardsville member of the john martinson honors program dean's list spring 24' and fall 24' provost scholar projects ai job site web scraper using rapidapi and the openai api in python, i developed a web scraper that collects job data from indeed and formats it into csv and json files. the program then parses a given resume using the b eautifulsoup library, generates vector representations of both the job data and the resume with the openai api, and calculates cosine simi larity scores between them. based on these scores, the system identifies and ranks the jobs that best match the candidate s resume for opti mal alignment. personal training website developed a soccer training web application using html, css, and sql, featuring full admin crud functionality for managing users, sessions, and training content. designed a responsive and visually engaging interface while implementing secure database integration to dynamically link user data and maintain data integrity. focused on delivering a smooth user experienc e, secure authentication, and efficient data management through a well -structured backend and intuitive frontend design. skills testing and validation , api integration , scripting languages , pentaho data integration , problem -solving , object -oriented programming , software debugging , programming languages: java, c++, sql, python, javascript, teamwork and collaboration experience 05/2025 to current etl programmer intern national information solutions cooperative lake saint louis, mo collaborated with team members to troubleshoot coding issues and optimize performance. developed and optimized sql queries to enhance database performance. assisted in data extraction, transformation, and loading processes for reporting purposes. engaged in learning new programming languages and tools relevant to ongoing projects. #hrj#c28799c1 -a4a7 -48b2 -bab4 -1809e9b2a7a6#